Now that we've shown off our outfits...
Since we're back with a new album,
we should show off our new powers too, right?
-Of course we have new ones.
-We couldn't not have them.
-It'd be a shame if we didn't.
-I can't wait.
Who should go first?
Who will it be?
Should I go first?
Sounds good.
Love the confidence.
What?
Out of nowhere?
Jesus.
Who are you?
Bow before me, everyone.
Bow before me.
-That was cool.
-It was like a scene from a comic.
That sound effect was great.
-The sound effect?
-It pulls you right in.
Eunho, what note was that 'hoo'?
E-flat.
If it's E-flat, you need to raise it a little.
It's E. That was E.
It's E. E.
It's E.
E-flat... Did I hear a wolf just now?
Wait.
Do the 'awoo' again, like that?
No, no. More like...
That's E-flat.
Oh, that's it.
It sounds a bit young. Like a baby wolf?
Like it's howling in the distance.
It may actually be E, not E-flat.
All right.
I'll go next.
Oh, water sounds.
It kind of sounds like ramen boiling.
-It does.
-Like we're at a fancy ryokan.
They play sounds like this during yoga too.
Did you hear the bubbling?
-Yes.
-Did it come through?
-I'll do it again.
-We can hear it!
Hey, the water's boiling!
Quick, put the ramen in!
Doesn't it sound exactly like that?
Soup powder first, or noodles first?
That was good.
Hey, wizard!
Next.
-Huh?
-What was that?
-Seriously?
-You picked the wrong one.
You did that on purpose.
No, no, no!
-I really didn't know!
-Wrong choice.
I honestly didn't know!
Everyone else looked cool.
I really didn't know!
-Finding a way to get more screen time?
-No!
At this rate, you're in charge of acting cute now.
Enough, enough.
-Our cute one. Always acting adorable.
-No!
You know I didn't know.
This is a little confusing for me.
Here I go.
What's that? The sound when a door opens.
-Like at a restaurant.
-Yes, when you walk in.
-Owner!
-What is that called?
What's the word for it?
-I can't remember.
-A snack bar?
What is that sound? It has a name.
Right.
A chime! Chime, chime.
All right, Noah-hyung.
Here we go.
So mystical.
Wow, it feels like entering a cave.
There are cuticles floating around in here.
That hinoki scent in a sauna...
Ah, hinoki.
It sounds very healthy.
Yes, I'm feeling healthier already.
You know the sound at a massage?
Ding.
You know the one, right?
So relaxing.
-Exactly.
-So relaxing.
Oh, nice.
-All right.
-Now for the long-awaited...
Our last member, Hamin.
That definitely...
That sound has the most impact.
-It's deep and heavy.
-Yes.
It resonates in your heart.
Ah.
Doesn't it sound a bit like an electric car?
Oh, yes, yes.
The sound it makes as it passes.
Right.
April 13, 2026.
PLAVE, Caligo Pt.2.
It feels like we're at a magic school.
A magic school?
-'We are coming back.'
-Oh, and now a Tesla.
All right.
PLLI says...
-it sounds like outer space.
-Ah.
The sound of outer space.
-Exactly.
-The sound of space.
We tried making it sound...
-mysterious.
-We upgraded it. -Exactly.
-All right.
-That was so much fun.
-Yes.
-So fun.
And those were our new powers.
Right.
They really mixed up the order.
Should we give them a proper look...
at the first verse? And if you saw...
the composers' video,
another part of the choreography was revealed.
Right. Shall we...
The move that goes like this?
Shall we watch it?
Oh, they can't see this.
They can't see it.
We're the ones watching it right now.
Then should we show them...
-the chorus properly?
-Shall we?
Yes, the first verse.
-The first-verse chorus.
-This part.
-Yes. -Okay. -You know it, right? -Great.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay. Just casually.
Casually, casually.
Wait a second.
-Our positions...
-Me too. -Just casually, okay.
Hold on a moment.
Uh, wait.
All right, Bamby.
-How will Bamby get out of this?
-The Bamby show begins!
Let's look forward...
to his solo performance.
Well...
So... so...
So...
Anyway...
-For the choreography...
-We tried something new.
We created the chorus choreography,
and it's fun, right?
You all saw it, right?
Yes, we...
And one more thing:
PLLI, I've already seen...
so many of you covering it.
I've seen people covering it already,
-Already?
-and you're all so good.
Seriously, already?
I was genuinely shocked.
You seem to learn it faster than I do.
When we listen to the song,
the algorithm recommends our own videos to us.
So while I was watching,
I saw PLLI dancing, and you were so good.
It made me really happy.
That's what I wanted to say—and the members are back.
-Nice stalling.
-Why are you exhausted?
Why are you so worn out?
I filled it well.
It wasn't bad, right?
Nicely done, Bamby.
Crisis averted!
That was nor—normal.
Normal.
Nor...
Good.
Where should we stand?
In our original positions.
Great.
-What? Our first-verse positions?
-Isn't it over here?
Okay, okay. First verse.
The first verse comes before this part, right?
With the music, or without it?
With the music?
You can't look over here.
Start from the 'ha-ha-ha' part?
We'll start from the beat. Okay.
First verse, please.
Start from the 'One touch, one...' part, please.
[PLAVE performs part of 'Born Savage']
This is another part we can't reveal yet.
Oh, right.
[PLAVE continues performing the choreography preview]
Bamby-hyung, you need to come in!
[PLAVE resumes performing the choreography preview]
It was wrong from the very beginning.
[PLAVE performs the choreography again]
Stop there! That's enough.
The beginning was wrong.
It went wrong right from the start.
You mixed it up with the second verse. Okay.
-No, that's too much!
-If we show it all...
-We can't reveal this part yet.
-Exactly.
-When it's finally revealed...
-This part...
-should make an impact.
-You need to see it then.
-Right, right.
-Like this...
Some people are already guessing,
'There must be partner choreography.'
Partner choreography?
Nobody ever said that.
Will there be partner choreography?
There is no partner choreography.
As you saw, we hid a lot of details...
that create this zombie-like feeling.
Great. Shall we sit down?
Okay.
We have M Countdown coming up,
so that was just a preview.
If we show everything...
Just a little.
That's how music shows work.
-It'd ruin it.
-It wouldn't be fun.
-How long until M Countdown?
-We're only showing a little.
Four days?
Right.
It's going to look incredible.
We've been working very hard on it.
Great.
Now let's each pick...
what we think is Bamby's best part.
-What a buildup.
-But seriously...
Bamby did an amazing job on this album.
-Right.
-He did so many things well,
but Noah-hyung will know which part surprised me.
First of all...
When Bamby...
sang the 'Born Savage' chorus, he was incredible.
-Right.
-He was so good.
-I was shocked.
-He crushed 'Born Savage.'
I'm telling you, I was stunned.
-He finished so quickly.
-We were really worried.
I was genuinely amazed.
He had a cold too.
-He sounds so boyish...
-Right.
Yes, he had a cold then too.
-He was a boy with a cold.
-Exactly.
Could he really sound savage?
-Right.
-With that boyish voice...
How could he...
-sound savage?
-What would we do?
We were honestly worried.
That boyish quality is his voice's strength.
Then Eunho posted on Bubble.
What did I say?
-Something about one wild...
-Oh, yes! You did.
You said, 'Show us your wild side,'
-and I wondered what Noah-hyung meant.
-Exactly.
You need to watch what you say in real time.
Seriously, be careful what you say.
Everything ends up in there.
Everything gets revealed.
That's true.
All right. And then there's 'Lunar Hearts.'
-'Lunar Hearts.'
-The chorus.
Ah, 'Lunar Hearts.'
-That verse is so high.
-That part is insane.
-Absolutely insane.
-'Lunar Hearts.'
That 'freely' part is incredible.
Yes.
Wow, that part...
-It's amazing.
-Oh, right.
[They quote Bamby's high note]
-Exactly. That part...
-Seriously.
-It was unbelievable.
-Only Bamby could really do it.
That emotion...
It's so high, yet still so boyish.
-That high in chest voice...
-Impossible.
-It's hard enough to sing.
-How did it still sound pretty?
The person who told him to sing it is hilarious too.
That part, of all things.
-It definitely wasn't me.
-Right.
Noah-hyung, you knew how difficult it was,
-but made him do it anyway.
-I can't do it! -Exactly.
-I couldn't do it.
-I ruled myself out first.
That's hilarious too.
But isn't his tone beautiful in that range?
-Exactly.
-Right, right.
It's so beautiful. The higher it gets, the better he is.
I'm sorry, but that part could be hard for me.
It sounds so good.
-Yes.
-Exactly.
It couldn't be helped.
-Of course. For PLLI, I'll do it.
-It had to be him.
-I can do anything.
-That's right.
We chose it for our Bamby too, remember?
-Right. It's practically the killing part.
-Yes, yes.
Right, but...
-He breaks through at the end.
-Exactly.
-That's why we gave it to him.
-Bamby-hyung might get killed first.
[They imitate the sudden high note]
Then Yejun-hyung...
-sings his part in 'Lunar Hearts.'
-Right.
-Great buildup.
-Then Bamby-hyung comes in...
with your powerful voice, hyung.
Right.
-Exactly.
-[They quote the transition]
Yejun-hyung starts in chest voice,
[They trace Yejun's line in the buildup]
and then you burst in right there.
-Right.
-Exactly—that completes the climax perfectly.
Exactly.
It fits the arrangement perfectly too.
I think Bamby did an incredible job.
Here's one behind-the-scenes story from that recording.
He kept mispronouncing the final syllable.
Oh, this...
[They imitate Bamby's pronunciation]
[They repeat the troublesome syllable]
It was genuinely difficult.
[They compare sounds]
-We spent ages on one syllable.
What key is this even in?
-It's incredibly high.
-He kept landing between sounds.
[They sing the lead-in]
His face would turn bright red.
[They imitate the high line and its failed ending]
'Ah, I'll do it again.'
[They repeat the syllable]
-'I'll do it again.'
-[They repeat the syllable]
-You remember, right?
-Right.
-[They reenact a failed take]
[They imitate the clipped syllable and restart]
[They imitate yet another restart]
Recording over.
I kept doing that over and over.
Hey, that sounded exactly like him!
-I thought I was watching a video.
-Bamby records alone a lot...
once he goes into the booth.
Wow, all by himself.
'Ah, again, please.'
'Again, please. Again, please.'
No, because...
But why?
Listen, you people!
-No, listen.
-You'll be singing...
and right in the middle...
you go, 'I'll do it again.'
-Show us.
-'Ah, I'll do it again.'
No, let me explain!
It has to flow out of the singing.
It has to, because...
you need to keep the same tone.
-Ah.
-The position of your vocal cords...
[Bamby demonstrates the sung lead-in]
Then you could say, 'Uh, I'll do it again.'
[Bamby demonstrates restarting mid-phrase]
[He repeats the abrupt restart]
Why not pause before trying again?
[They imitate Bamby cutting off the line to restart]
[They repeat the clipped restart]
[They repeat it again]
'Ah, no, no.'
[He repeats the troublesome syllable]
If I don't keep doing it, my pitch drops.
This is so funny.
To keep the path in place?
I have to maintain the path.
To keep it, I need to stay right here.
-All of you, seriously...
-I'm dying. This is hilarious.
My cheeks hurt from laughing.
Yes.
It became another good memory.
-We made another memory.
-It's a memory once it's over.
We made a memory.
Everything becomes a memory afterward.
Right. And the song turned out so well.
Ah.
Great.
All right, then.
We...
We have beautiful Bamby and Hamin,
and Noah-hyung too.
We have to capture these looks in a photo.
-Exactly. Time for photos.
-Let's go!
-That's how you host a show.
Nice, nice.
-That was smooth, right?
-Photo time, let's go!
Let's go!
A selfie? Are we taking a selfie?
Honey, why are you holding it like that?
-Why do you two always call each other 'honey'?
-Exactly.
-It's our special nickname.
-It's a nickname.
I really love that.
The maknaes! The maknaes!
Why 'honey'?
Don't call me that.
Honey, why won't you?
Honey, you're trying way too hard.
Honey.
All right, let's do this.
Okay.
It is a little dark, though.
It is.
All right. One, two, three—honey!
New pose. One, two, three!
Born Savage!
Got it.
Great, okay.